registrar bostezo marta
registrar bostezo luis
registrar bostezo marta
registrar bostezo marta
registrar tirar_tiza luis
lista_negra 2
lista_negra 3
registrar tirar_tiza luis
registrar bostezo marta
registrar bostezo luis
registrar bostezo luis
lista_negra_falta bostezo 3
registrar tirar_tiza marta
cantidad_falta bostezo marta
cantidad marta
borrar_falta bostezo luis
registrar tirar_tiza pedro
cantidad_falta bostezo luis
cantidad_falta tirar_tiza luis
cantidad luis
borrar luis
cantidad_falta bostezo luis
cantidad luis
cantidad_falta tirar_tiza marta
cantidad marta
registrar tirar_tiza alberto
lista_negra_falta tirar_tiza 1
FIN
