pedir_consulta Sonia Dr.Lopez
alta_medico Dr.Lopez
pedir_consulta Ramon Dr.Lopez
pedir_consulta Sonia Dr.Lopez
alta_medico Dra.Sanchez
pedir_consulta Sonia Dra.Sanchez
siguiente_paciente Dra.Sanchez
siguiente_paciente Dra.Sanchez
siguiente_paciente Dr.Lopez
pedir_consulta Luis Dr.Lopez
siguiente_paciente Dr.Lopez
tiene_pacientes Dr.Lopez
tiene_pacientes Dra.Sanchez
FIN
alta_medico Dr.Romano
pedir_consulta Mafalda Dr.Romano
pedir_consulta Mortadelo Dr.Romano
siguiente_paciente Dr.Romano
siguiente_paciente Dra.Martin
pedir_consulta Popeye Dr.Romano
siguiente_paciente Dr.Romano
siguiente_paciente Dr.Romano
siguiente_paciente Dr.Romano
alta_medico Dr.Romano
FIN
